<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find the route from Mildenhall to Chula Vista. Each city connects to only one other city via a specific transit method. So I'll start at Mildenhall and follow each connection step by step until I reach Chula Vista.

First, looking at the details provided: Mildenhall is connected to Tamworth by plane. So from Mildenhall, take a plane to Tamworth. 

Next, Tamworth's connection is to Bonn by train. So then from Tamworth, take a train to Bonn. 

Bonn connects to Yonkers by ferry. So from Bonn, take a ferry to Yonkers. 

Yonkers is connected to Anaheim by train. So next step is from Yonkers, take a train to Anaheim. 

Anaheim connects to Livorno by plane. So from Anaheim, take a plane to Livorno. 

Livorno's connection is to Miami by train. So take a train from Livorno to Miami. 

Miami is connected to Toulouse by ferry. So from Miami, take a ferry to Toulouse. 

Toulouse connects to Magnitogorsk by train. So take a train to Magnitogorsk. 

Magnitogorsk is connected to Porto by bus. So from there, take a bus to Porto. 

Porto connects to Rochester by train. So next is a train from Porto to Rochester. 

Rochester is connected to Salinas by bus. Take the bus there. 

Salinas connects to Nanaimo by ferry. So ferry from Salinas to Nanaimo. 

Nanaimo is connected to Ivanovo by train. Take the train to Ivanovo. 

Ivanovo connects to Tucson by bus. So bus to Tucson. 

Tucson is connected to Freiburg by ferry. Take the ferry to Freiburg. 

Freiburg connects to Lethbridge by bus. Bus to Lethbridge. 

Lethbridge is connected to Durham by bus. Take the bus to Durham. 

Durham connects to Bolzano by bus. So bus to Bolzano. 

Bolzano is connected to Mainz by train. Take the train to Mainz. 

Mainz connects to Ravenna by bus. Bus to Ravenna. 

Ravenna is connected to Jersey City by plane. Plane to Jersey City. 

Jersey City connects to Lincoln by ferry. Take the ferry to Lincoln. 

Lincoln is connected to Solihull by ferry. So ferry to Solihull. 

Finally, Solihull connects to Chula Vista by train. Take the train there to reach the destination.

Let me check each step again to make sure I didn't skip any connections or make a mistake. Starting from Mildenhall to Tamworth (plane), then Tamworth to Bonn (train), Bonn to Yonkers (ferry), Yonkers to Anaheim (train), Anaheim to Livorno (plane), Livorno to Miami (train), Miami to Toulouse (ferry), Toulouse to Magnitogorsk (train), Magnitogorsk to Porto (bus), Porto to Rochester (train), Rochester to Salinas (bus), Salinas to Nanaimo (ferry), Nanaimo to Ivanovo (train), Ivanovo to Tucson (bus), Tucson to Freiburg (ferry), Freiburg to Lethbridge (bus), Lethbridge to Durham (bus), Durham to Bolzano (bus), Bolzano to Mainz (train), Mainz to Ravenna (bus), Ravenna to Jersey City (plane), Jersey City to Lincoln (ferry), Lincoln to Solihull (ferry), Solihull to Chula Vista (train). That seems to cover all the steps without any loops or missing connections. Each step follows the one-way connections as given. I think that's the correct route.
</think>

<Route>
From Mildenhall, take a plane to Tamworth.
From Tamworth, take a train to Bonn.
From Bonn, take a ferry to Yonkers.
From Yonkers, take a train to Anaheim.
From Anaheim, take a plane to Livorno.
From Livorno, take a train to Miami.
From Miami, take a ferry to Toulouse.
From Toulouse, take a train to Magnitogorsk.
From Magnitogorsk, take a bus to Porto.
From Porto, take a train to Rochester.
From Rochester, take a bus to Salinas.
From Salinas, take a ferry to Nanaimo.
From Nanaimo, take a train to Ivanovo.
From Ivanovo, take a bus to Tucson.
From Tucson, take a ferry to Freiburg.
From Freiburg, take a bus to Lethbridge.
From Lethbridge, take a bus to Durham.
From Durham, take a bus to Bolzano.
From Bolzano, take a train to Mainz.
From Mainz, take a bus to Ravenna.
From Ravenna, take a plane to Jersey City.
From Jersey City, take a ferry to Lincoln.
From Lincoln, take a ferry to Solihull.
From Solihull, take a train to Chula Vista.
</Route>