<think>
Okay, I need to solve this problem where I have to find the shortest substring of s that matches the pattern p. And p has exactly two '*' characters. Hmm. Let's think about how to approach this.

First, the problem says that each '*' can match any sequence of zero or more characters. But since there are exactly two stars, maybe I can break down the pattern into parts. Let's split the pattern into the parts before, between, and after the two stars.

Wait, let's take example 1: p is "ba*c*ce". The two stars are at positions 1 and 3 (assuming 0-based or 1-based? Well, maybe I should split the pattern into the parts separated by the stars. So the first star is the first *, then there's the second *.

So splitting p by the * characters. Let's see. For example 1, splitting by * gives ["ba", "c", "ce"].
</think>
 But since there are two stars, the pattern is split into three parts. Let's call them part1, part2, part3. So any valid substring in s must start with part1 (possibly after the first * which allows zero or more characters before part1?), no, wait. Wait, the pattern is structured as part1 * part2 * part3. So the first * can match any sequence between part1 and part2? No, wait, the first * is in between part1 and part2. Wait, the pattern is part1 followed by *, then part2, then *, then part3. So the entire pattern requires that the substring starts with part1, then any characters (possibly zero), then part2, then any characters (possibly zero), then ends with part3. Oh right. So for a substring in s to match p, it must contain part1 followed by part2 followed by part3, in order, with any characters in between.<think>
I may be uncertain here, so I will run a strict local check before closing this block.
Uncertainty (first person):
Local check (nearest step/equation/code invariant only):
Decision (exact next continuation point in the Python implementation):
I will not close this <think> block until the 3 items above are filled with concrete content, and after </think> I will continue writing the final runnable Python solution directly. Let me start thinking,
Okay, the first step is to split the pattern p into three parts. Let's find the positions of the two * in p. Let's say the first * is at index i, the second at index j. Then part1 is p[0:i], part2 is p[i+1:j], part3 is p[j+1:]. So the substring in s must contain part1 followed by part2 followed by part3, in order. But part1, part2, or part3 could be empty strings.

For example, if p is "**", then part1 is empty, part2 is empty, part3 is empty. So any substring (including empty) is valid. The shortest is 0.

So the approach is:

1. Split p into part1, part2, part3.

2. Find all occurrences of part1 in s. For each occurrence, note the end index (start1 + len(part1) - 1? Or start1 is the start of part1 in s, and part1 ends at start1 + len(part1) - 1? Well, part1 must be matched exactly. So for each occurrence of part1 in s, we can then look for part2 after that, and then part3 after part2.

But how to find the occurrences?

But perhaps a better way is to find the first occurrence of part1 in s. Then, after that, find the first occurrence of part2, then find part3. But since we want the shortest substring, maybe we need to find the earliest possible part1, then earliest possible part2 after that, and earliest possible part3 after that. But also, maybe there are multiple possibilities. For example, part1 could appear multiple times, and for each occurrence, we can look for part2 and part3.

But considering the constraints of s and p length, we need an efficient way.

But given that s can be up to 1e5 in length, and p as well, we need an O(n) or O(n*m) approach? Let's think.

First, check if part1, part2, part3 can be matched. For example, if part1 is not present in s at all, then no solution. Similarly, part2 must be present after part1, and part3 must be present after part2.

But how to find the positions where part1 occurs, then for each such occurrence, find part2 in the remaining part of the string, then for each such occurrence, find part3 in the remaining part.

But this could be O(n^2) in the worst case, but perhaps manageable given that the parts are split once.

Let me outline the steps:

- Split p into part1, part2, part3.

- Check if the concatenated parts (without the stars) are possible. For example, if part1 is "a", part2 is "b", part3 is "c", then the substring must have "a...b...c".

So first, find all the start indices in s where part1 occurs. For each occurrence of part1, then find the earliest occurrence of part2 that starts after the end of part1. Then, for that occurrence of part2, find the earliest occurrence of part3 that starts after the end of part2. The total length would be (end of part3) - (start of part1) + 1? Or wait, the substring is from the start of part1 to the end of part3. So the length is (end of part3 - start of part1 + 1). But we need the minimal such length.

But how to find the occurrences of part1, part2, part3?

But for each part, we can find all the starting positions where that part occurs. For example, for part1, find all the starting positions where s starts with part1. Similarly for part2 and part3.

But how to find the first occurrence of part1 in s?

But for part1, part2, part3, they are regular strings (no wildcards). So for each, we can find all their occurrences in s using standard string matching algorithms, like KMP or using built-in string methods.

But for large s and p, using built-in methods may not be efficient. However, given that the problem allows for up to 1e5 length, perhaps we can proceed with the following approach:

For part1, find all the starting indices where part1 occurs in s. For each such start1, the end of part1 is start1 + len(part1) - 1. Then, after that end, we need to find part2. So for part2, we need to search in the substring s[end1:] for part2. Once we find a start2 (relative to the original s?), then after that, find part3 in s[end2:].

So for example, for each occurrence of part1, we can:

- Find the earliest occurrence of part2 starting after the end of part1.

- Then, find the earliest occurrence of part3 starting after the end of part2.

If all three parts are found, then calculate the length from the start of part1 to the end of part3.

We need to track the minimal such length.

But how to find the earliest occurrence of part2 after a certain position?

For example, for part2, given a starting position in s (say, after end of part1), find the earliest occurrence of part2. Similarly for part3.

But how to do this efficiently?

An alternative approach is to precompute for each part, all the starting indices where they occur in s. Then, for each occurrence of part1, perform a binary search to find the earliest occurrence of part2 that starts after the end of part1, and then for that occurrence, find the earliest occurrence of part3 that starts after the end of part2.

This would be efficient if the number of occurrences of part1 is manageable.

So steps:

1. Split p into part1, part2, part3.

2. Check if any of the parts are not present in s. For example, if part1 is not present, then return -1. Similarly for part2 and part3.

But how to check if part is present? For example, part could be empty. For example, if part1 is empty (if the first * is at the start of p), then part1 is present. So for empty parts, they are always present. So for part1, part2, part3, if they are empty, we can consider that they are matched at any position. For example, part1 is empty, then it can be considered as occurring at position 0 (but perhaps we need to handle that correctly in the logic).

So first, let's split p into parts. Let's find the first and second * in p.

For example, in p, split into parts:

Let's find the indexes of the two *s. Let's say first_star is the index of the first *, second_star is the index of the second *.

Then:

part1 = p[0:first_star]

part2 = p[first_star+1:second_star]

part3 = p[second_star+1:]

So, for example, if p is "**abc", then part1 is empty, part2 is empty, part3 is "abc".

Now, for the pattern to be matched, the substring must start with part1, then have part2 somewhere after, then part3 after that. But part1, part2, part3 can be empty.

So, for example, if part1 is empty, then the substring can start anywhere. But part2 and part3 must follow.

So, the approach is:

Find all occurrences of part1 in s. For each occurrence, find the earliest occurrence of part2 that starts after the end of part1. Then, for that occurrence of part2, find the earliest occurrence of part3 that starts after the end of part2. The total length is (start of part1 + len(part1) + len(part2) + len(part3) ... no, wait, the total length is (end of part3) - (start of part1) + 1? Or the substring starts at the start of part1 and ends at the end of part3. So the length is (start_part3 + len(part3) - 1 - start_part1 + 1) = start_part3 + len(part3) - start_part1.

But how to find the occurrences of part1, part2, part3?

Let me think about how to find all occurrences of a substring in s. For example, for part1, which is a fixed string. For that, I can use the KMP algorithm, or use the built-in string methods. However, for large s and part lengths, using the built-in find method in a loop may be too slow. But given that the constraints are up to 1e5, perhaps we can proceed with the following approach.

But for the problem, perhaps the parts are not too long. Let's proceed.

So, for each part (part1, part2, part3), precompute all the starting indices where they occur in s. For example, for part1, collect all the indices i where s[i:i+len(part1)] == part1.

But for empty parts, they can be considered as occurring at any position. For example, part1 is empty, then it occurs at every position (including 0, up to len(s)), but since it's empty, the start is i and end is i-1. So for part1 being empty, the end is i-1 = -1, which is before the start. So when part1 is empty, the next part (part2) can start at 0.

So, for each part, collect all the start positions. For empty parts, the list of start positions is all positions from 0 to len(s) (but since part is empty, len(part) is 0, so the start can be any index, but for the code, perhaps we can represent it as a list containing -1 or some sentinel value to indicate that it's empty. Or perhaps for empty parts, we can treat them as occurring at position 0 (but that's not correct). Hmm.

Alternatively, for empty parts, when checking for their occurrence, they can be considered as present at any position. For example, part1 is empty. So for any occurrence of part1, the start is any index (but since it's empty, the start can be considered as 0, and the end is -1). So when part1 is empty, the end is -1, meaning that part2 can start at 0.

So, for the code:

First, split p into part1, part2, part3.

Then, for each part, collect all the start positions in s where the part occurs. For empty parts, collect all possible positions (but since empty string can be found anywhere, perhaps we can represent it as a list with -1 as the start index, but that's a simplification).

But how to collect all the start positions for a substring in s?

For example, for part1, if it's non-empty, we can find all the start indices where it occurs. For example, for part1 = "ab", and s = "ababab", the start indices are 0, 2, 4.

But how to find all occurrences efficiently?

An efficient way is to use the Knuth-Morris-Pratt (KMP) algorithm for pattern matching, but implementing that may be time-consuming. Alternatively, for Python, using the built-in string methods in a loop may be feasible for the problem's constraints, but for very long parts, it could be O(n*m) time.

But given that the problem allows for up to 1e5 length, perhaps we can proceed with the following approach for each part:

For a given part (say, part1), generate all the start indices where it occurs in s