<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find the route from Krakow to Tampa. Each city is connected to exactly one other city via a specific transit method, and all connections are one-way. So I'll start at Krakow and follow each connection step by step until I reach Tampa.

First, looking at the list of cities and their connections. Krakow is connected to Stockton by bus. So the first step is Krakow to Stockton via bus. 

Next, Stockton's connection is to Toledo by train. So from Stockton, take a train to Toledo. 

Toledo is connected to Kirov by bus. So now, from Toledo, take a bus to Kirov. 

Kirov's connection is to Poitiers by plane. So plane from Kirov to Poitiers. 

Poitiers goes to Harpenden by train. So train to Harpenden. 

Harpenden is connected to Reigate by plane. So plane to Reigate. 

Reigate goes to Bridgwater by train. Train to Bridgwater. 

Bridgwater is connected to Halifax by ferry. Ferry to Halifax. 

Halifax goes to Durham by bus. Bus to Durham. 

Durham connects to Tring by train. Train to Tring. 

Tring is connected to Cary by ferry. Ferry to Cary. 

Cary goes to Hoddesdon by ferry. Ferry to Hoddesdon. 

Hoddesdon is connected to Bath by plane. Plane to Bath. 

Bath goes to Preston by plane. Plane to Preston. 

Preston connects to Tamworth by ferry. Ferry to Tamworth. 

Tamworth is connected to Amiens by plane. Plane to Amiens. 

Amiens goes to Simi Valley by ferry. Ferry to Simi Valley. 

Simi Valley connects to Loughborough by ferry. Ferry to Loughborough. 

Loughborough is connected to Warsaw by ferry. Ferry to Warsaw. 

Warsaw goes to Irvine by plane. Plane to Irvine. 

Irvine is connected to Barnaul by train. Train to Barnaul. 

Barnaul connects to Berlin by ferry. Ferry to Berlin. 

Berlin goes to Swift Current by bus. Bus to Swift Current. 

Swift Current is connected to Solihull by bus. Bus to Solihull. 

Solihull goes to Mostar by plane. Plane to Mostar. 

Mostar connects to Lisbon by ferry. Ferry to Lisbon. 

Lisbon is connected to Bromley by ferry. Ferry to Bromley. 

Bromley goes to Kent by train. Train to Kent. 

Kent connects to Limoges by train. Train to Limoges. 

Limoges is connected to Thatcham by bus. Bus to Thatcham. 

Thatcham goes to Argenteuil by bus. Bus to Argenteuil. 

Argenteuil connects to Marseille by bus. Bus to Marseille. 

Marseille is connected to Barrie by bus. Bus to Barrie. 

Barrie goes to Southend by ferry. Ferry to Southend. 

Southend connects to Bratislava by bus. Bus to Bratislava. 

Bratislava is connected to Little Rock by train. Train to Little Rock. 

Little Rock goes to Bucharest by ferry. Ferry to Bucharest. 

Bucharest connects to Huddersfield by plane. Plane to Huddersfield. 

Huddersfield is connected to Tampa by train. Finally, train to Tampa. 

So that's the entire route from Krakow to Tampa. Let me check each step to make sure I didn't skip any connections or make a mistake. Each step follows the one-way connections as given. The transit methods are all correct based on the problem statement. The final destination is Tampa, which is the correct endpoint. I think this is the correct path.
</think>

<Route>
From Krakow, take a bus to Stockton.
From Stockton, take a train to Toledo.
From Toledo, take a bus to Kirov.
From Kirov, take a plane to Poitiers.
From Poitiers, take a train to Harpenden.
From Harpenden, take a plane to Reigate.
From Reigate, take a train to Bridgwater.
From Bridgwater, take a ferry to Halifax.
From Halifax, take a bus to Durham.
From Durham, take a train to Tring.
From Tring, take a ferry to Cary.
From Cary, take a ferry to Hoddesdon.
From Hoddesdon, take a plane to Bath.
From Bath, take a plane to Preston.
From Preston, take a ferry to Tamworth.
From Tamworth, take a plane to Amiens.
From Amiens, take a ferry to Simi Valley.
From Simi Valley, take a ferry to Loughborough.
From Loughborough, take a ferry to Warsaw.
From Warsaw, take a plane to Irvine.
From Irvine, take a train to Barnaul.
From Barnaul, take a ferry to Berlin.
From Berlin, take a bus to Swift Current.
From Swift Current, take a bus to Solihull.
From Solihull, take a plane to Mostar.
From Mostar, take a ferry to Lisbon.
From Lisbon, take a ferry to Bromley.
From Bromley, take a train to Kent.
From Kent, take a train to Limoges.
From Limoges, take a bus to Thatcham.
From Thatcham, take a bus to Argenteuil.
From Argenteuil, take a bus to Marseille.
From Marseille, take a bus to Barrie.
From Barrie, take a ferry to Southend.
From Southend, take a bus to Bratislava.
From Bratislava, take a train to Little Rock.
From Little Rock, take a ferry to Bucharest.
From Bucharest, take a plane to Huddersfield.
From Huddersfield, take a train to Tampa.
</Route>