<think>
Okay, let's see. I need to find the route from Mesa to Leipzig. Let me start by looking at the connections for each city step by step.

First, Mesa. The problem says you can travel from Mesa to Copenhagen by bus. So the first step is Mesa to Copenhagen via bus. 

Now, from Copenhagen, where do we go? The connections mention that Copenhagen is connected to Little Rock by train. So next step is Copenhagen to Little Rock by train.

From Little Rock, the connection is to Stuttgart by ferry. So now it's Little Rock to Stuttgart via ferry.

Stuttgart is connected to Herne by train. So next step: Stuttgart to Herne by train.

Herne goes to Bremen by bus. So Herne to Bremen via bus.

Bremen is connected to Sterling Heights by plane. So Bremen to Sterling Heights by plane.

Sterling Heights goes to Launceston by plane. So next step: Sterling Heights to Launceston via plane.

Launceston is connected to Irvine by train. So Launceston to Irvine by train.

Irvine goes to Oxford by bus. So Irvine to Oxford via bus.

Oxford is connected to Caen by train. So Oxford to Caen by train.

Caen goes to Reigate by plane. So Caen to Reigate via plane.

Reigate is connected to Vilnius by ferry. So Reigate to Vilnius by ferry.

Vilnius goes to Detroit by ferry. So Vilnius to Detroit via ferry.

Detroit is connected to Genoa by ferry. So Detroit to Genoa by ferry.

Genoa goes to Spokane by bus. So Genoa to Spokane via bus.

Spokane is connected to Porto by bus. So Spokane to Porto by bus.

Porto goes to Rotherham by plane. So Porto to Rotherham via plane.

Rotherham is connected to La Spezia by bus. So Rotherham to La Spezia by bus.

La Spezia goes to Redhill by plane. So La Spezia to Redhill via plane.

Redhill is connected to Perm by plane. So Redhill to Perm by plane.

Perm goes to Aurora by train. So Perm to Aurora via train.

Aurora is connected to Helsinki by ferry. So Aurora to Helsinki by ferry.

Helsinki goes to Anchorage by ferry. So Helsinki to Anchorage via ferry.

Anchorage is connected to Perpignan by plane. So Anchorage to Perpignan by plane.

Perpignan goes to Cary by bus. So Perpignan to Cary via bus.

Cary is connected to Thatcham by plane. So Cary to Thatcham by plane.

Thatcham goes to Perugia by ferry. So Thatcham to Perugia via ferry.

Perugia is connected to Pistoia by train. So Perugia to Pistoia by train.

Pistoia goes to Lincoln by ferry. So Pistoia to Lincoln via ferry.

Lincoln is connected to Fremont by plane. So Lincoln to Fremont by plane.

Fremont goes to Pitsea by plane. So Fremont to Pitsea via plane.

Pitsea is connected to Kidderminster by ferry. So Pitsea to Kidderminster via ferry.

Kidderminster goes to Croydon by ferry. So Kidderminster to Croydon via ferry.

Croydon is connected to Leipzig by bus. So finally, Croydon to Leipzig by bus.

Wait, but the destination is Leipzig. So putting all these steps together, the route from Mesa to Leipzig would be all these steps. Let me check if I missed any connections or made a mistake in the order. Let me verify each step again to make sure I didn't skip any or go the wrong way. For example, from Mesa to Copenhagen, then to Little Rock, then to Stuttgart, Herne, Bremen, Sterling Heights, Launceston, Irvine, Oxford, Caen, Reigate, Vilnius, Detroit, Genoa, Spokane, Porto, Rotherham, La Spezia, Redhill, Perm, Aurora, Helsinki, Anchorage, Perpignan, Cary, Thatcham, Perugia, Pistoia, Lincoln, Fremont, Pitsea, Kidderminster, Croydon, and finally to Leipzig. That seems correct. Each step follows the one-way connections as given. So the final route should be all these steps in order.
</think>

<Route>
From Mesa, take a bus to Copenhagen.
From Copenhagen, take a train to Little Rock.
From Little Rock, take a ferry to Stuttgart.
From Stuttgart, take a train to Herne.
From Herne, take a bus to Bremen.
From Bremen, take a plane to Sterling Heights.
From Sterling Heights, take a plane to Launceston.
From Launceston, take a train to Irvine.
From Irvine, take a bus to Oxford.
From Oxford, take a train to Caen.
From Caen, take a plane to Reigate.
From Reigate, take a ferry to Vilnius.
From Vilnius, take a ferry to Detroit.
From Detroit, take a ferry to Genoa.
From Genoa, take a bus to Spokane.
From Spokane, take a bus to Porto.
From Porto, take a plane to Rotherham.
From Rotherham, take a bus to La Spezia.
From La Spezia, take a plane to Redhill.
From Redhill, take a plane to Perm.
From Perm, take a train to Aurora.
From Aurora, take a ferry to Helsinki.
From Helsinki, take a ferry to Anchorage.
From Anchorage, take a plane to Perpignan.
From Perpignan, take a bus to Cary.
From Cary, take a plane to Thatcham.
From Thatcham, take a ferry to Perugia.
From Perugia, take a train to Pistoia.
From Pistoia, take a ferry to Lincoln.
From Lincoln, take a plane to Fremont.
From Fremont, take a plane to Pitsea.
From Pitsea, take a ferry to Kidderminster.
From Kidderminster, take a ferry to Croydon.
From Croydon, take a bus to Leipzig.
</Route>