<think>
Okay, let's try to figure out this problem. So, we have an album with 25 photos. Each photo has three people: left, middle, and right. The conditions are that the left person is a full brother of the middle person, and the right person is the daughter of the middle person. Also, each middle person is unique across all 25 photos. Plus, no two people in the album have a child in common. We need to find the minimum number of distinct people required.

First, let's break down each photo. For each photo, we have:

- Left: Full brother of middle.
- Middle: Unique in each photo.
- Right: Daughter of middle.

So, for each photo, the middle person has a brother (left) and a daughter (right). Since the middle person is different in each photo, there are 25 different middle people.

Now, considering the left person is a full brother of the middle. That means the middle person has at least one brother. But since each middle person is unique, each of these 25 middle people must have their own set of brothers? Wait, but maybe some brothers can be shared between different middle people. However, there's a constraint that no two people in the album have a child in common. Let me think about that.

The right person is the daughter of the middle person. So each middle person has at least one daughter. But the third condition says no two people in the album have a child in common. That means if two people are parents, they can't have the same child. But in this case, each middle person is a parent (since they have a daughter). However, since each middle person is unique, their daughters are their own. Wait, but the daughters could be different. But the problem is about the parents. Wait, the third condition says "No two people who appear in the album have a child in common." So if two people (say, person A and person B) are both parents, they can't have the same child. But in our case, each middle person is a parent of their own daughter. So if two different middle people have the same daughter, that would violate the third condition. Therefore, each daughter must be unique. Therefore, there are 25 different daughters.

Wait, but the daughters are the right person in each photo. So each photo's right person is unique. Therefore, there are 25 unique daughters. So that's 25 people for the daughters.

Now, for the left person (the brother of the middle). Each middle person has a brother. Now, can two different middle people share the same brother? For example, if two middle people are siblings (brother and sister?), but wait, the left person is a full brother of the middle. So each middle person has at least one brother. But if two middle people are siblings, then they could share brothers. However, we need to make sure that the brothers don't cause conflicts with the third condition.

Wait, the third condition is about parents having children in common. The brothers are children of their parents. Suppose two middle people are siblings. Then their brothers would be the same. But if their daughters (the right people) are different, then that's okay. Because the third condition is about two people (parents) having a child in common. The brothers are children of their parents, but if two different middle people (who are siblings) have the same brother, that's okay as long as their daughters are unique. Wait, but the third condition is about any two people in the album not having a child in common. So if two people are parents, they can't share a child. But the brothers are children of their parents. Let me think.

Let me try to model this. Let's consider each middle person. Let's denote them as M1, M2, ..., M25. Each Mi has a brother Li (left person) and a daughter Ri (right person). 

For each Mi, Li is a brother, so Li and Mi are siblings. Therefore, they share the same parents. The daughter Ri is the child of Mi. 

Now, the third condition says that no two people in the album have a child in common. So, for any two people in the album, they cannot be parents of the same child. 

Let's consider the parents of the daughters. Each daughter Ri is the child of Mi. So Mi is the parent of Ri. Also, since Ri is a daughter, she must have another parent. Wait, the problem doesn't specify whether the parents are present in the album. Wait, the problem says "the person on the right is the daughter of the person in the middle." So the middle person is the parent of the daughter. But the daughter's other parent isn't mentioned. However, the problem states that all people in the album are the ones in the photos. So the other parent of Ri might not be in the album. But the third condition says that no two people in the album have a child in common. So if two people in the album are parents of the same child, that's not allowed. However, since each daughter Ri is only parented by Mi (the middle person) and possibly someone else not in the album, then as long as no two people in the album are both parents of the same child, it's okay. 

But since each daughter Ri is only parented by Mi (assuming the other parent is not in the album), then there's no conflict. Therefore, each Ri is unique, as we thought before. 

Now, the problem is about the brothers. Each Mi has a brother Li. So Li and Mi are siblings. Therefore, they share the same parents. Now, if two different middle people, say Mi and Mj, are siblings, then their brothers Li and Lj would be the same? Or different? For example, if Mi and Mj are siblings, then their brothers would be each other? Or perhaps they have other brothers. 

But since each photo's middle person is unique, we need to arrange the brothers in such a way that we minimize the total number of people. 

Let me think of each middle person Mi. Each Mi has a brother Li. So for each Mi, Li is another person. However, if two different middle people share the same brother, that would mean that those two middle people are siblings. For example, if Mi and Mj have the same brother L, then L is a brother to both Mi and Mj, meaning Mi and Mj are siblings. 

But if we can arrange that multiple middle people share the same set of brothers, that would reduce the total number of people. However, we need to ensure that the third condition is not violated. 

Wait, the third condition is about parents having children in common. The brothers are children of their parents. Suppose two middle people Mi and Mj are siblings. Then their parents are the same. Their children (the daughters Ri and Rj) are different, as each daughter is unique. Therefore, the parents (the parents of Mi and Mj) are not in the album, except for Mi and Mj themselves? Wait, no. The parents of Mi and Mj are not in the album unless they appear as a person in a photo. 

But the problem states that the album contains only the people in the photos. The photos have left, middle, right. The left is a brother of the middle, the right is a daughter of the middle. The parents of the middle person (Mi) would be the parents of Mi. But unless those parents are in the album (as a person in a photo), they don't count. 

Therefore, the third condition applies only to people in the album. So if two people in the album are parents of the same child, that's not allowed. But since the only parents in the album are the middle people (each middle person is a parent of their daughter), and each daughter is unique, there's no conflict. 

Therefore, the main constraints are:

- Each of the 25 middle people must have a brother (the left person in their photo).
- The brothers can be shared among different middle people as long as they are siblings.
- The daughters are all unique (25 of them).
- The middle people are all unique (25 of them).
- The brothers (left people) can be overlapping if they are brothers to multiple middle people.

So the problem reduces to: How can we arrange the brothers such that the number of distinct brothers is minimized, given that each middle person has at least one brother, and that brothers can be shared among middle people as long as they are siblings (i.e., same parents).

But how does the third condition affect the brothers? Let me think again. The third condition says no two people in the album have a child in common. The brothers are children of their parents. However, the brothers themselves are not parents in the album, except if they are a middle person in some photo. Wait, the left person in a photo is a brother of the middle person. The left person is not necessarily a middle person in another photo. Unless they are. 

Wait, the left person could be a middle person in another photo. For example, suppose Li (the brother of Mi) is the middle person in another photo. Then in that photo, Li would have his own brother and daughter. But if that's allowed, then we need to consider that possibility. 

But the problem states that the middle person is unique in each photo. So if Li is a middle person in another photo, that's allowed as long as he's only once as a middle person. Wait, no, condition (2) says "the person in the middle is different in each of the 25 photos." So each middle person is unique. Therefore, each person can be a middle person in at most one photo. 

Therefore, a brother (Li) can be a middle person in another photo, but only once. However, if Li is a middle person in another photo, then he would have his own brother and daughter. But this complicates things. 

But perhaps to minimize the total number of people, we can have some brothers also being middle persons. Let me think. 

But maybe not. Let's try to model this. Let's consider that each brother (Li) can be a middle person in another photo. However, since each middle person is unique, each Li can be a middle person in at most one photo. 

But if we can reuse brothers as middle persons, that would reduce the total number of people. For example, if a brother Li is also a middle person in another photo, then he would contribute to both being a brother (in one photo) and a middle person (in another). 

But how does that affect the constraints? Let's take an example. Suppose we have two photos:

Photo 1: Left L1 (brother of M1), Middle M1, Right R1.

Photo 2: Left L2 (brother of M2), Middle M2, Right R2.

If L1 is M2, then in Photo 2, the left person is L2 (brother of M2), and M2 is the middle. But if L1 is M2, then in Photo 1, the left person is M2, who is a brother of M1. Therefore, M2 is a brother of M1, meaning M1 and M2 are siblings. Then, in Photo 2, M2 is the middle person, and has a brother L2. So L2 is a brother of M2. Therefore, L2 is also a brother of M1? Not necessarily. Unless they share the same parents. 

But if M1 and M2 are siblings (since L1 is M2, who is a brother of M1), then their parents are the same. Then, L2, being a brother of M2, would also be a brother of M1. Therefore, L2 could be another brother of M1. 

But this could allow for some overlapping. However, this seems complicated. Maybe there's a better way to model this. 

Alternatively, perhaps we can model this as a graph or a family tree. Each middle person has a brother (so they are in a sibling group) and a daughter. The challenge is to arrange the sibling groups such that the number of people is minimized. 

Each sibling group can have multiple middle persons, each of whom has their own daughter. However, each middle person must be unique. 

But if a sibling group has k middle persons, then each of those k middle persons would have brothers (the other members of the sibling group). However, each of those middle persons would also have their own daughter. 

But the third condition says that no two people in the album have a child in common. Since each daughter is unique, that's already satisfied. 

So, for example, if we have a sibling group of size s, then we can have up to s middle persons from that group. Each of those middle persons would have brothers (the other s-1 siblings) and their own daughter. 

But to minimize the total number of people, we need to maximize the number of middle persons per sibling group. 

Let me think. Suppose we have one sibling group with s people. Then, we can have s middle persons (each one being in a different photo). Each of these s middle persons would have s-1 brothers (the other siblings). However, in each photo, the left person is one of the brothers. But since each photo requires a left person (a brother of the middle), we need to assign for each middle person a brother (from the sibling group) to be the left person. 

But since each photo's left person is a brother of the middle, and the middle is part of the sibling group, we can choose any of the other siblings as the left person. However, the left person must be unique per photo? No, the left person can be the same in multiple photos as long as they are brothers to different middle persons. 

But the problem is that each left person is part of the album. So if we have a sibling group of size s, and we use s middle persons from that group, then for each of those s middle persons, we need to assign a left person (a brother). However, each left person can be used in multiple photos as long as they are brothers to different middle persons. 

But if we have s middle persons, each needing a left person (a brother), and there are s-1 other siblings in the group, then by the pigeonhole principle, some brothers will have to be used more than once. For example, if s=2, then there are two siblings. Each can be the left person for the other. So for two middle persons, each can have the other as their left person. 

But in this case, each photo would have a left person who is a brother. However, the left person is part of the album. So if we have a sibling group of size s, and we have m middle persons from that group, then the number of left persons needed is m, but each left person can be any of the s-1 siblings. However, since each left person is part of the album, we need to count them as part of the total people. 

Wait, but the left person is already part of the sibling group. So if we have a sibling group of size s, then all the people in that group are already counted. So if we have m middle persons from that group, each of their left persons is someone from the same group. Therefore, the total number of people contributed by this sibling group is s. 

But each of the m middle persons uses one of the s people as their left person. However, since the left person is part of the same sibling group, they are already counted. 

Therefore, for each sibling group of size s, we can have up to s middle persons (each being a different person from the group), and each of those middle persons can have any of the other s-1 siblings as their left person. 

But since the left person is part of the album, we need to make sure that they are included. However, they are already part of the sibling group. 

So, the key is to arrange the middle persons into sibling groups such that each sibling group can supply multiple middle persons, thereby reducing the total number of brothers needed. 

The problem then becomes: How to partition the 25 middle persons into sibling groups, such that the total number of people (middle persons + brothers + daughters) is minimized. 

Each sibling group of size s contributes:

- s middle persons (each unique)
- s people in the sibling group (since each middle person is part of the group, and the brothers are also part of the group)
- 25 daughters (each unique)

Wait, the daughters are 25 in total, as each photo has a unique daughter. So the total number of people is:

Number of middle persons (25) + number of brothers (which depends on the sibling group arrangement) + number of daughters (25).

Wait, but the brothers are part of the sibling groups. Each sibling group has s people, and if we have m middle persons from that group, then the number of brothers (left persons) is s (since the brothers are the same s people). Wait, no. The brothers are the same people as the middle persons in the sibling group. For example, if a sibling group has s people, then each of them can be a middle person in a photo, and their brothers are the other s-1 people in the group. 

But the left person in each photo is one of the brothers (from the sibling group). However, since each photo's left person is part of the sibling group, and the sibling group has s people, the total number of brothers (left persons) across all photos would be up to s * m (but since each left person can be reused). However, the actual number of distinct brothers is s per sibling group. 

Therefore, for each sibling group of size s, we have s people contributing to both the middle persons and the brothers. 

So, if we have k sibling groups, each of size s_i, then the total number of middle persons is sum(s_i) = 25. The total number of brothers is sum(s_i) (since each sibling group contributes s_i people, who are both middle persons and brothers). Wait, no. Wait, the brothers are part of the sibling groups. Each person in a sibling group can be a middle person or a brother in other photos. 

Wait, for example, in a sibling group of size 2, there are two people: A and B. If both are middle persons in different photos, then in photo 1, A is the middle person, and B is the left person. In photo 2, B is the middle person, and A is the left person. So the brothers (left persons) are B and A, which are already part of the sibling group. Therefore, the total number of brothers contributed by this group is 2 (A and B), but they are already counted as middle persons. 

Therefore, the total number of people from the brothers is already included in the middle persons count. Therefore, the total number of people in the album is:

Number of middle persons (25) + number of daughters (25) = 50? But that can't be right, because the brothers are already part of the middle persons. Wait, no. Wait, the brothers are part of the middle persons. For example, if a person is a brother in one photo and a middle person in another, they are counted once. 

Wait, let me clarify. Each person in the album is either:

- A middle person in one photo (since they are unique)
- Possibly a brother in other photos (if they are part of a sibling group)
- A daughter in one photo (each daughter is unique)

Therefore, the total number of people is:

Number of middle persons (25) + number of daughters (25) + number of brothers who are not middle persons? No, because brothers are part of the middle persons. 

Wait, confusion here. Let me think again. 

Each brother (left person) is a person who is a brother of the middle person. This brother could be:

- A middle person in another photo (if they are part of a sibling group and are used as a middle person)
- Or not a middle person at all (if they are only a brother in some photos and not a middle person in any)

But since we want to minimize the total number of people, we should maximize the overlap where brothers are also middle persons. 

Therefore, if we arrange the sibling groups such that each brother is also a middle person in another photo, then we don't need to add extra people for brothers. 

For example, if we have a sibling group of size s, then all s people can be middle persons in different photos. Each of them will have brothers (the other s-1 people in the group) who are also middle persons. 

In this case, the brothers are already counted as middle persons. Therefore, the total number of people contributed by the brothers is zero additional people, because they are already part of the middle persons. 

Therefore, the total number of people in the album is:

Number of middle persons (25) + number of daughters (25) = 50. 

But wait, this seems too low. Because if all brothers are already middle persons, then yes. But is this possible? 

Let me check with a small example. Suppose we have 2 photos. 

Photo 1: Left A (brother of B), Middle B, Right C.

Photo 2: Left B (brother of A), Middle A, Right D.

Here, A and B are siblings. Each is a middle person in one photo. The brothers are A and B, who are already middle persons. The daughters are C and D. Total people: A, B, C, D → 4 people. Which is 2 middle + 2 daughters = 4. So yes, this works. 

So in this case, the total number of people is indeed 2*2=4. 

So if we can arrange all 25 middle persons into sibling groups where each person is a middle person and also a brother (i.e., part of a sibling group where everyone is a middle person in some photo), then the total number of people would be 25 + 25 = 50. 

But is this possible? Let's think. 

Each sibling group of size s can have s middle persons. For example, if we have a sibling group of size s, then we can have s photos where each person in the group is the middle person once, and their left person is another member of the group. 

But for each photo, the left person must be a brother of the middle person. So for each middle person, we need to assign one of their brothers (from the sibling group) as the left person. 

In a sibling group of size s, each person has s-1 brothers. So for each of the s middle persons, we can choose any of the s-1 brothers as the left person. 

However, we need to ensure that for each photo, the left person is assigned. 

But since there are s middle persons and s-1 brothers per person, we need to make sure that the assignments are possible. 

This is equivalent to having a directed graph where each node (middle person) has an outgoing edge to one of their brothers (the left person). 

But since each person has s-1 brothers, and we need to assign one brother per middle person, this is possible as long as s ≥ 2. 

For example, in a sibling group of size 2, each person can be assigned the other as their brother. 

In a sibling group of size 3, each person has two brothers. We can assign each person to have one brother as their left person. For example, A → B, B → C, C → A. 

This forms a cycle, which works. 

Therefore, for any sibling group of size ≥2, we can assign the left persons such that each middle person has a brother as their left person. 

Therefore, if we can partition the 25 middle persons into sibling groups where each group has size ≥2, then the total number of people would be 25 (middle) + 25 (daughters) = 50. 

But wait, the problem says "the person on the left is a full brother of the person in the middle". A full brother implies that they share both parents. So siblings in a group must have the same parents. 

But if we have multiple sibling groups, each with their own parents, but those parents are not in the album. 

But the problem doesn't restrict the number of sibling groups or their sizes. 

So, theoretically, if we can arrange all 25 middle persons into sibling groups of size ≥2, then the total number of people is 50. 

But is 25 possible to partition into groups of size ≥2? 

Yes. For example, 12 groups of 2 and one group of 1. Wait, no, because group size must be ≥2. 

Wait, 25 is an odd number. If we want to partition into groups of size ≥2, the maximum number of groups would be floor(25/2) = 12 groups of 2 and 1 group of 1. But the group of 1 is invalid because you can't have a sibling group of size 1 (since a person can't be their own brother). 

Therefore, we need to have all groups of size ≥2. 

For 25, the minimal number of groups would be ceiling(25/2) = 13 groups (12 groups of 2 and 1 group of 1, but again the group of 1 is invalid). Wait, no. Let me think again. 

To partition 25 into groups of size ≥2, the minimal number of groups is ceiling(25/2) = 13 (since 12*2=24, leaving 1, which can't form a group of 2). Therefore, we need to adjust. For example, one group of 3 and twelve groups of 2: 3 + 12*2 = 3 +24=27, which is more than 25. Wait, no. Wait, we need to have the sum of group sizes equal to 25. 

Let me think. For example, if we have one group of 3 and the rest groups of 2: 3 + 2k =25 → 2k=22 →k=11. So total groups: 1+11=12 groups. 

Yes, that works. 12 groups: one group of 3 and eleven groups of 2. Total people in groups: 3 + 11*2 = 3 +22=25. Perfect. 

Therefore, it's possible to partition the 25 middle persons into 12 sibling groups (one of size 3 and eleven of size 2). 

In this case, each sibling group contributes their members as middle persons and brothers. Therefore, the total number of people from the middle and brothers is 25. The daughters are 25. 

Total people: 25 +25=50. 

But wait, this seems too straightforward. However, there's a catch. 

The third condition says that no two people in the album have a child in common. 

But in this scenario, the only parents in the album are the middle persons (each has a daughter). Since each daughter is unique, there's no conflict. 

But what about the brothers? Are there any conflicts? 

The brothers are part of the album. For example, if two brothers are parents (i.e., middle persons) of different daughters, that's okay. The third condition is about two people having a child in common. Since each daughter has only one parent (the middle person) in the album, there's no conflict. 

Therefore, this seems valid. 

But wait, the problem says "the person on the right is the daughter of the person in the middle". So the daughter has only one parent in the album (the middle person). The other parent is not in the album, so there's no conflict. 

Therefore, the total number of people would be 25 (middle) + 25 (daughters) = 50. 

But the question asks for the minimum number of distinct people. Is 50 the minimum? 

Wait, perhaps there's a way to have some overlap between brothers and daughters? No, because brothers are part of the middle persons or other brothers, and daughters are unique and separate. 

Wait, but could a daughter be a brother in another photo? For example, if a daughter is female, but a brother has to be male. Since the right person is a daughter (female), she cannot be a brother in another photo. Therefore, daughters cannot be brothers. Therefore, there's no overlap between daughters and brothers. 

Therefore, the total is indeed 25 +25=50. 

But wait, let me check again. 

Each photo has three people: left (brother), middle, right (daughter). 

All left persons are brothers of the middle persons. All brothers are part of the sibling groups, which are part of the 25 middle persons. 

Wait, no. Wait, the brothers are part of the sibling groups. Each sibling group has s people, who are all middle persons. Therefore, the brothers (left persons) are among these 25 middle persons. 

Therefore, the left persons are part of the 25 middle persons. 

Therefore, the total number of people in the album is 25 (middle) + 25 (daughters) = 50. 

But wait, the